[Cache] Update crawler-hints.md (#11024)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/advanced-configuration/crawler-hints.md

3.  Enable **Crawler Hints**.

After enabling Crawler Hints, Cloudflare will begin sending hints to search engines about when they should crawl particular parts of your website.

> ## Stop Crawling for a specific page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prevent indexing for a specific page
```

> When enabled Crawler Hints is a global setting for your enitre website.  You can stop a specific page from being index by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, Crawler Hints is a global setting for your entire website. You can stop a specific page from being indexed by either:
```
